[Music] I'm
not asking anyone to buy your
shitty viral panties How little vision you have in them
500 euros easy I asked
the girl Hey have you really sold
some panties she says here eh each
panty uses Dean 50 for [ __ ] sake say yeah but
I understand that let's see It's weird it's not weird
but well you can have your fetishes
no or whatever do you find
this funny wizard I ask do you want my
used panties wizard or what I don't know do you think it's
funny why because I
reacted there to the discussion simply because of
that well you find it funny We
laugh okay nice one thing is
some used panties maybe not that you
have there your Well you know no but already already
[ __ ] already out jokes How I smelled
some people I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] mother I
mean you came in you looked in the stalls you
stood behind people and they smelled like
[ __ ] [ __ ] but pure [ __ ] and it's
like bronze I mean I can now understand
that if you're 13  14 years old and hormones,
well they smell, I don't know, you shower in the
morning and then it smells, I can
understand it now, it's that older people, I mean,
older than my age, there were people who already, eh,
please can you shower, how [ __ ] disgusting and there were
very strange people, I mean, there were
such freaks, such freaks who went and talked to the
shopkeeper. Hello, well, here looking at your
things, it was, it was very, I mean, you can tell
that they are strange people, very strange, shady. And it smelled
and sometimes people smelled very bad, very
bad. Not one or two people, what can
happen because there are a lot of people and I don't know,
no, no, every time I went near a
stall of I don't know what, there were people who smelled like
[ __ ] and And how [ __ ] disgusting, holy God,
crazy God, I mean, there were people it smelled, it smelled
bad, well, there were furries but
real furries, like furries with with with
the whole furry suit and there was one who
was very strange, chat, there was a man
dressed all in work, okay, and he followed him, there was a
kid, okay, I'm sorry,
Mara, but this time, screw up the objective  it's not
for that you're 11 you're 11 out of
50 in the super chat you're 11 out of 50 The
objective is not for that go [ __ ] yourself
how disgusting you are dude really [ __ ]
talking about an otacus convention and there was
a girl
and you could tell she was a girl because she was wearing a topi pants and you could see this area and when you're a girl you don't have curves I mean you're literally straight Okay and she was very very small very small very small very small very small eh like 11 12
years old very small was Behind him
holding on to him I mean he was walking fully
dressed in fur and she was walking fully
dressed in fur But well full No she
had her head made of fur and her
hands and well her feet I don't know I think she
was holding on to him she was walking like that
good lolas Chiqui I'm talking about the photo of
w1 zard Oh really you guys are very
weird but you could tell she was a
little girl I think that's the only thing I
saw I said eh  Because I saw that
Antonia's pet made you a uh another
video I mean we just entered it's not
what I'm telling you I mean they're not things that I
don't understand I don't know maybe they give him
a lot of money I don't know I don't know if it's
worth it if you're a furry Look, well you
're a furry, you do what you like and that's it
but seeing a furry chased by
a little girl well it's a bit [ __ ] it's really
creepy it could be the
father but a father dressed as a furry
followed by a little girl dressed as a furry It's
weird obviously I looked at it and said it
smells weird here it hurts a little like
pedophilia but since it's not my thing and I have no
[ __ ] idea then obviously I didn't
say anything but it smelled like I say you're a streamer
the man by some chance you're
taking an energy drink and you have less
energy commenting that yusu from Date la
IP 2 the person in the furry suit that
the girl was wearing was you energy or you but
Lili you seem like a subscriber
of I'm not going to say it eh I'm watching
quietly al I'm not going to get to  chill it
's true thank goodness we're seeing
an energetic one eh here anyway eh
let's see why you have a bald spot on your
forehead let's see if no
hair grows on your forehead How could I not have a bald spot
percio son of a [ __ ] just because you don't
have a single [ __ ] hair on your head and
you have bald spots all over doesn't
mean that mine is bald
find a character that looks like
you e lilit you're going to get banned eh I'll
tell you next time but if you're
followers they bully him no no no would
you guys buy the girl's shitty panties
Ah okay he talks about Town
respect 10 minutes talked about never
heard of Town GamePlay a
guy who made like scary videos
and then shady things about him were discovered
I saw his dick I mean no me Well yes
me and everyone because eh
a photo of him was leaked ñ a photo of
him playing the zambomba was leaked basically
twitter at that time everyone saw it
the zamb bombita every month  They
find more YouTubers or streamers who,
being older, at some point
wrote to minors, eh. Let's see.
Imagine that you are a kid, if you are already a
YouTuber or streamer, you may already
be a little crazy or basically
[ __ ], and you. Imagine that
a 14-year-old girl comes to you who is
much younger than you, very manipulable and who
basically wants to teach you the c.
Well, you as a streamer say, or they probably wo
n't catch me, eh, then they catch you and
what happens, happens, but they take advantage of the
situation. Well, good explanation.
No, good, good, good, good
explanation, okay.
[Music]